7 of 7 people found the following review helpful

4.0 out of 5 stars **Samsung Galaxy 3 mini - keeps getting better!**, January
26, 2013





Coming from a phone with a physical qwerty, I found this to be a big change.
The phone was light and slim, it also had a very bright and crisp screen. The
display of the regular S3 is better, but this phone more than meets my needs
as a not-compulsive cell phone user. I mainly text and send email,
occasionally use navigation and sometimes use the data like if I need store
hours or to find an ATM. First thing was to change the language as my phone
was international - but it was a breeze. It read my T-Mo SIM card with no
problems, synced up my contacts via gmail and them synched up my bookmarks via
chrome and danngggg I was on my way to being a Samsung fan.

  
Some notes: 1) this phone takes a standard SIM, not a micro one. 2) The three
buttons on the front are sensor lights. There is no indicator light. 3) Use
battery save mode and tone the screen down to a lower brightness to save
battery. Mine phone rarely goes down past 50% in any day when I do this. I
don't play games on my phone and I turn off most widgets that pull info like
the annoying weather one.

  
Overall, I really like this phone and as I use it more, I learn new things
like how to use blocking mode (how to block certain contacts and even at
certain times), how to manage apps and turn off energy wasters, and how to
arrange shortcuts on the screen the best way. I am a little behind on this
technology, but this phone has a sensor where it knows when you are looking at
the display and the phone won't auto dim on you if you are looking at it.
Pretty cool. Also, I have only used S-Voice a handful of times, but it has
been pretty accurate and I am amazed at all the little things this phone can
do.

  
Good little phone for small hands and although the price is a little steep, I
still like the phone a lot. I also had a gift card, so that helped! No
complaints.

