![](http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/gno/beacon/BeaconSprite-
US-01._V397411194_.png) ![](http://g-ecx.images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/x-locale/common/transparent-pixel._V386942464_.gif)

[ Amazon  ](/) [Join Prime](/gp/prime/signup/videos)

  * [Your Amazon.com](/gp/yourstore/home)
  * [Today's Deals](/gp/goldbox)
  * [Gift Cards](/gp/gc/nav-split)
  * [Help](/Help/b?ie=UTF8&node=508510)

![College Hoops Fever](http://g-ecx.images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/x-locale/common/transparent-pixel._V386942464_.gif)

[ Shop by Department ](/gp/site-directory) Search

All  All DepartmentsAmazon Instant VideoAppliancesApps for AndroidArts, Crafts
& SewingAutomotiveBabyBeautyBooksCell Phones & AccessoriesClothing &
AccessoriesCollectiblesComputersCredit CardsElectronicsGift Cards StoreGrocery
& Gourmet FoodHealth & Personal CareHome & KitchenIndustrial &
ScientificJewelryKindle StoreMagazine SubscriptionsMovies & TVMP3
MusicMusicMusical InstrumentsOffice ProductsPatio, Lawn & GardenPet
SuppliesShoesSoftwareSports & OutdoorsTools & Home ImprovementToys &
GamesVideo GamesWatches

[ Hello. Sign in Your Account ](https://www.amazon.com/ap/signin?_encoding=UTF
8&openid.assoc_handle=usflex&openid.claimed_id=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2
Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&openid.identity=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%
2Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&openid.mode=checkid_setup&openid.ns=http%3A%2
F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0&openid.ns.pape=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net
%2Fextensions%2Fpape%2F1.0&openid.pape.max_auth_age=0&openid.return_to=https%3
A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.com%2Fgp%2Fcss%2Fhomepage.html%3Fie%3DUTF8%26ref_%3Dgno_yam_
ya) [ Join Prime ](/gp/prime/signup/videos) [ Cart 0 ](/gp/cart/view.html) [
Wish List ](/gp/registry/wishlist)

  * [ Cell Phones & Accessories ](/cell-phones-service-plans-accessories/b?ie=UTF8&node=2335752011)
  * [ All Electronics ](/electronics-store/b?ie=UTF8&node=172282)
  * [ Contract Cell&nbsp_place_holder;Phones ](/b?ie=UTF8&node=6290885011)
  * [ No-Contract Cell&nbsp_place_holder;Phones ](/prepaid-phones/b?ie=UTF8&node=5005582011)
  * [ Unlocked Cell&nbsp_place_holder;Phones ](/unlocked-cell-phones/b?ie=UTF8&node=2407749011)
  * [ Accessories ](/cell-phone-accessories/b?ie=UTF8&node=2407755011)
  * [ Best Sellers ](/gp/bestsellers/wireless)
  * [ Deals ](/b?ie=UTF8&node=2447856011)

#

Customer Reviews

[Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 4.1 OS,
Dual Core, Super AMOLED Touchscreen, 5MP Cam](http://www.amazon.com/Samsung-
Galaxy-Unlocked-Android-Touchscreen/dp/B009PLBLQC)

  

**191 Reviews**

5 star:

&nbsp_place_holder;(137)

4 star:

&nbsp_place_holder;(34)

3 star:

&nbsp_place_holder;(6)

2 star:

&nbsp_place_holder;(3)

1 star:

&nbsp_place_holder;(11)

&nbsp_place_holder;

&nbsp_place_holder;

&nbsp_place_holder;

&nbsp_place_holder;

&nbsp_place_holder;

**Average Customer Review**

[4.5 out of 5 stars](http://www.amazon.com/Samsung-Galaxy-Unlocked-Android-
Touchscreen/product-reviews/B009PLBLQC)&nbsp_place_holder;([191 customer
reviews](http://www.amazon.com/Samsung-Galaxy-Unlocked-Android-Touchscreen
/product-reviews/B009PLBLQC))

Share your thoughts with other customers

[Create your own review](http://www.amazon.com/review/create-
review?ie=UTF8&asin=B009PLBLQC&channel=reviews-product&nodeID=)

&nbsp_place_holder;

&nbsp_place_holder;

**Search Customer Reviews**

Only search this product's reviews

##

The most helpful favorable review

The most helpful critical review

  

  

77 of 83 people found the following review helpful

5.0 out of 5 stars **I love it! (english/spanish review)**

Hi guys,

I must admit that I when I purchased this mobile, I was a little afraid. I had
read lots of reviews and watched some videos on YouTube before the purchase.
Anyway, I was worried mainly because of the screen resolution (480 x 800, that
means no HD), the battery life and the size of the screen.

  
I can tell you, this mobile is just awesome! It comes...

[**Read the full
review&nbsp_place_holder;›**](http://www.amazon.com/review/R1UT94WI39XLDX)

Published 2 months ago by Max!

  

![versus](http://g-ecx.images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/x-locale/communities/reviews/tile-vline-
vs._V192249916_.gif)

  

3.0 out of 5 stars **Charger doesn't work propperly**

The telephone works good, but the charger doesn't. Shame. I tried to charge
the battery and it doesn't recovers energy.

[****](http://www.amazon.com/review/RUMOTCUXUMY0E)

Published 2 days ago by Arnaldo Matute Clavier

  

  

‹ Previous | 1 [2](http://www.amazon.com/Samsung-Galaxy-Unlocked-Android-
Touchscreen/product-reviews/B009PLBLQC?pageNumber=2) …
[20](http://www.amazon.com/Samsung-Galaxy-Unlocked-Android-Touchscreen
/product-reviews/B009PLBLQC?pageNumber=20)| [Next ›](http://www.amazon.com
/Samsung-Galaxy-Unlocked-Android-Touchscreen/product-
reviews/B009PLBLQC?pageNumber=2)

**Most Helpful First** | **Newest First**

  

77 of 83 people found the following review helpful

5.0 out of 5 stars **I love it! (english/spanish review)**, January 9, 2013

By&nbsp_place_holder;

[Max!](http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A7Q1RL0RAPWNO) (Buenos Aires,
Argentina) - [See all my reviews](http://www.amazon.com/gp/cdp/member-
reviews/A7Q1RL0RAPWNO?ie=UTF8&sort_by=MostRecentReview)

**Amazon Verified Purchase**([What's this?](http://www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase))

**This review is from: Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 4.1 OS, Dual Core, Super AMOLED Touchscreen, 5MP Cam (Unlocked Phone)**

Hi guys,

I must admit that I when I purchased this mobile, I was a little afraid. I had
read lots of reviews and watched some videos on YouTube before the purchase.
Anyway, I was worried mainly because of the screen resolution (480 x 800, that
means no HD), the battery life and the size of the screen.

  
I can tell you, this mobile is just awesome! It comes with Android 4.1.1 Jelly
Bean installed, which is so beautiful and fluid. The screen is great, battery
life is very good and the size of the screen is, in my opinion, perfect. I've
never considered the "regular" Samsung Galaxy S3 because it is way to big for
me. I wanted something quite small (although the screen is bigger than an iPod
touch 4th gen), responsible, attractive and efective. This mobile is excellent
for me! :-).

  
The mobile accept 3G, it has smart stay, and all those "high-tech" features
like his bigger brother the S3.

I will reply any question you might have about this device and update this
review next saturday.

  
SPANISH:

Hola! Debo decirles que antes de comprar este telefono tenia un poco de miedo
con respecto a la pantalla, ya sea al tamaño como a la resolucion de la misma
(no es HD). Tambien estaba desconfiando un poco por las reviews que lei y
videos que vi, sobre la duracion de la bateria. Sinceramente el telefono me
ENCANTA, yo vivo en Argentina y funciona perfectamente con las redes de aca.
La pantalla es realmente muy muy buena, todo se ve fluido y es increible. El
tamaño tambien es muy bueno, en mi opinion es el tamaño perfecto, ya que un
Galaxy S3 de los comunes me parece excesivamente grande.

  
El telefono viene con Android 4.1.1 y apenas lo compre se me actualizaron unos
paquetes (pero sin cambiar de version). Para los que pasen de un celular con
Android 2.2 o 2.3, les puedo asegurar que estamos hablando de dos cosas
totalmente distintas. Les cuento que lo que avanzo este sistema operativo
durante los ultimos meses es impresionante.

  
En cuanto a la camara y a la bateria, no tuve mucho tiempo de evaluarlos muy a
fondo (durante estos dias voy a subir un update de mi review sobre estos
temas), pero incluso usando un fondo de pantalla de los dinamicos (live
wallpaper) la bateria ha durado todo un dia.

  
Con respecto al telefono en general, anda perfecto sin ningun problema. Todo
es muy fluido y no hay ningun tipo de lag.

  
Cualquier duda que tengan no duden en preguntarme, les contestare lo antes
posible.

Saludos!

**Help other customers find the most helpful reviews**&nbsp_place_holder;

Was this review helpful to you?&nbsp_place_holder;[Yes](http://www.amazon.com/
gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/R1UT94WI39XLDX/Helpful/1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3
d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9CMDA5UExCTFFD&token=48154325A09A4E5E1EF921112E510
F976CF0D3A3&voteAnchorName=R1UT94WI39XLDX.2115.Helpful.Reviews&voteSessionID=0
00-0000000-0000000) [No](http://www.amazon.com/gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/R1U
T94WI39XLDX/Helpful/-1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9C
MDA5UExCTFFD&token=8EE079F2C688214DC2F58B73AEEE7EB292F206E9&voteAnchorName=R1U
T94WI39XLDX.2115.Helpful.Reviews&voteSessionID=000-0000000-0000000)

[Report abuse](http://www.amazon.com/gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/R1UT94WI39XLD
X/Inappropriate/1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9CMDA5U
ExCTFFD&token=6CFEA1715CCD8DEC1DA50EC9AEE2706FB15D377B&voteAnchorName=R1UT94WI
39XLDX.2115.Inappropriate.Reviews&voteSessionID=000-0000000-0000000) |
[Permalink](http://www.amazon.com/review/R1UT94WI39XLDX)

[Comment](http://www.amazon.com/review/R1UT94WI39XLDX)&nbsp_place_holder;[Comm
ents (17)](http://www.amazon.com/review/R1UT94WI39XLDX)

  

  

35 of 40 people found the following review helpful

5.0 out of 5 stars **BIG little Galaxy s3**, December 14, 2012

By&nbsp_place_holder;

[iluv2workout8](http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/AXJUMNHIQ54OP) (Glens
Falls) - [See all my reviews](http://www.amazon.com/gp/cdp/member-
reviews/AXJUMNHIQ54OP?ie=UTF8&sort_by=MostRecentReview)

**Amazon Verified Purchase**([What's this?](http://www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase))

**This review is from: Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 4.1 OS, Dual Core, Super AMOLED Touchscreen, 5MP Cam (Unlocked Phone)**

Love this phone super fast great screen does all the stuff it's big brother
does in a smaller BUT prefect size for your hand. FAST shipping too ordered it
at 3pm on Thursday and got it 11 am on Friday. Amazon prime ROCKS!!

**Help other customers find the most helpful reviews**&nbsp_place_holder;

Was this review helpful to you?&nbsp_place_holder;[Yes](http://www.amazon.com/
gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/RJ9M2GI5BWHYC/Helpful/1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3d
3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9CMDA5UExCTFFD&token=196FE45B58B8648D40E1909A12E473
BCF0512F22&voteAnchorName=RJ9M2GI5BWHYC.2115.Helpful.Reviews&voteSessionID=000
-0000000-0000000) [No](http://www.amazon.com/gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/RJ9M2
GI5BWHYC/Helpful/-1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9CMDA
5UExCTFFD&token=763D3C4B29D68BACB71B31B2E7D61905AA7DB47C&voteAnchorName=RJ9M2G
I5BWHYC.2115.Helpful.Reviews&voteSessionID=000-0000000-0000000)

[Report abuse](http://www.amazon.com/gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/RJ9M2GI5BWHYC
/Inappropriate/1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9CMDA5UE
xCTFFD&token=08303D09AA5B9CEDCFF36C0DDB4C0BFD3B07D012&voteAnchorName=RJ9M2GI5B
WHYC.2115.Inappropriate.Reviews&voteSessionID=000-0000000-0000000) |
[Permalink](http://www.amazon.com/review/RJ9M2GI5BWHYC)

[Comment](http://www.amazon.com/review/RJ9M2GI5BWHYC)&nbsp_place_holder;[Comme
nt (1)](http://www.amazon.com/review/RJ9M2GI5BWHYC)

  

  

17 of 19 people found the following review helpful

4.0 out of 5 stars **Great little phone**, January 9, 2013

By&nbsp_place_holder;

[Rod](http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A38W13FXTI874E) - [See all my
reviews](http://www.amazon.com/gp/cdp/member-
reviews/A38W13FXTI874E?ie=UTF8&sort_by=MostRecentReview)

**Amazon Verified Purchase**([What's this?](http://www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase))

**This review is from: Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 4.1 OS, Dual Core, Super AMOLED Touchscreen, 5MP Cam (Unlocked Phone)**

I needed a new phone and didn't want a contract so I went the unlocked
phone/month to month route. I wanted a Nexus 4 but couldn't for it to be
restocked. I did some looking around and this phone fit my needs. I live in an
American city with so coverage isn't an issue. I don't need my phone to be
anything more than a phone I can connect to the internet with as needed, as it
isn't my primary device for web activities. Needless to say the phone is
great. It's not an S3 but that's not what I wanted or needed. The phone has a
great aesthetic. It very slim and the curves are pleasing. The phone is light
in the hand but also feels well put together. I don't have huge hands so the
phone fits in my hand. The call quality is what I have to come expect living
in the city, which is pretty good quality as long as I am not underground or
in a building. The TouchWiz interface by Samsung works and doesn't feel like
it is cheapening my Android experience. I chose to use StraightTalk as my
phone service and the phone play s fine with the service as an ATT phone.
Also, I accidentally ordered a microsim as opposed to a regular sim card and
the slim fits in my phone just fine. Can't say others will but my microsim
from Straight talk works no issues. A friend had an extra regular sim he put
in my phone that we had a hard time removing. So far a great phone and I will
update if anything changes. Also, buy a protective case. The phone feels put
together but I am not sure how many drops it would survive.

**Help other customers find the most helpful reviews**&nbsp_place_holder;

Was this review helpful to you?&nbsp_place_holder;[Yes](http://www.amazon.com/
gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/R32IJ32JMI6ZUH/Helpful/1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3
d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9CMDA5UExCTFFD&token=1DA27F9E2029B549AA7855F487B65
8128EFE6F3E&voteAnchorName=R32IJ32JMI6ZUH.2115.Helpful.Reviews&voteSessionID=0
00-0000000-0000000) [No](http://www.amazon.com/gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/R32
IJ32JMI6ZUH/Helpful/-1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9C
MDA5UExCTFFD&token=CD149B8EE1C28951C12B83EA8D584676DDF5CF0E&voteAnchorName=R32
IJ32JMI6ZUH.2115.Helpful.Reviews&voteSessionID=000-0000000-0000000)

[Report abuse](http://www.amazon.com/gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/R32IJ32JMI6ZU
H/Inappropriate/1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9CMDA5U
ExCTFFD&token=30376801DA10BD0D1A705071DC73C694923C0A4B&voteAnchorName=R32IJ32J
MI6ZUH.2115.Inappropriate.Reviews&voteSessionID=000-0000000-0000000) |
[Permalink](http://www.amazon.com/review/R32IJ32JMI6ZUH)

[Comment](http://www.amazon.com/review/R32IJ32JMI6ZUH)&nbsp_place_holder;[Comm
ent (1)](http://www.amazon.com/review/R32IJ32JMI6ZUH)

  

  

12 of 14 people found the following review helpful

5.0 out of 5 stars **This phone is great!**, January 14, 2013

By&nbsp_place_holder;

[Jay "The Middle-Aged
Student"](http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A2JKVAANI7KKTY) - [See all my
reviews](http://www.amazon.com/gp/cdp/member-
reviews/A2JKVAANI7KKTY?ie=UTF8&sort_by=MostRecentReview)

**Amazon Verified Purchase**([What's this?](http://www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase))

**This review is from: Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 4.1 OS, Dual Core, Super AMOLED Touchscreen, 5MP Cam (Unlocked Phone)**

Samsung makes a great product. I really liked the feature sets of the SIII and
the Note II, but I really did not want a phone that large. The mini SIII has
some very similar specifications, though not as powerful, still the phone has
all the features I could need, and lives up to Samsung's quality. I've not had
a reset once since in two weeks since I started using it. The phones reaction
time is smooth, the access to Android features including Amazon Ap Store and
Google Play is easy, and the standard use of the mini usb charger allows
flexibility with other portable devices I currently use. If you are looking
for a tablet and phone all-in-one, consider the Note II or SIII, but if you
already have a great tablet, and need a well powered phone that works with all
the bells and whistles, this is a great product.

**Help other customers find the most helpful reviews**&nbsp_place_holder;

Was this review helpful to you?&nbsp_place_holder;[Yes](http://www.amazon.com/
gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/R1NNEZYZRQ3DMQ/Helpful/1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3
d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9CMDA5UExCTFFD&token=CF0543C9F2E88B4E9FAE0498E8BE5
28D1908DD65&voteAnchorName=R1NNEZYZRQ3DMQ.2115.Helpful.Reviews&voteSessionID=0
00-0000000-0000000) [No](http://www.amazon.com/gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/R1N
NEZYZRQ3DMQ/Helpful/-1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9C
MDA5UExCTFFD&token=773E674D88F238B1E491288104250C6F64CAA16C&voteAnchorName=R1N
NEZYZRQ3DMQ.2115.Helpful.Reviews&voteSessionID=000-0000000-0000000)

[Report abuse](http://www.amazon.com/gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/R1NNEZYZRQ3DM
Q/Inappropriate/1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9CMDA5U
ExCTFFD&token=045FF66DBC90D3FF83CD31C31E0667C3247067C9&voteAnchorName=R1NNEZYZ
RQ3DMQ.2115.Inappropriate.Reviews&voteSessionID=000-0000000-0000000) |
[Permalink](http://www.amazon.com/review/R1NNEZYZRQ3DMQ)

[Comment](http://www.amazon.com/review/R1NNEZYZRQ3DMQ)&nbsp_place_holder;[Comm
ent](http://www.amazon.com/review/R1NNEZYZRQ3DMQ)

  

  

12 of 15 people found the following review helpful

4.0 out of 5 stars **Confessions of an iPhone user**, January 30, 2013

By&nbsp_place_holder;

[Russell Ericksen](http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/AW4DLF6L2T8JK) (New
York, NY) - [See all my reviews](http://www.amazon.com/gp/cdp/member-
reviews/AW4DLF6L2T8JK?ie=UTF8&sort_by=MostRecentReview)

[(REAL NAME)](http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?ie=UTF8&node
Id=14279681&pop-up=1#RN) &nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;

**Amazon Verified Purchase**([What's this?](http://www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase))

**This review is from: Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 4.1 OS, Dual Core, Super AMOLED Touchscreen, 5MP Cam (Unlocked Phone)**

In summary: Good phone if you come with midrange expectations, hopefully
Samsung will include better specs next time around.

  
Recently my iPhone didn't just crack, it shattered the very first time I
dropped it. I've never been opposed to trying an android phone, just didn't
want to commit 2 years and a large sum of money to something I could
potentially hate, in addition I'm not interested in phones that are
approaching the size of my face. In short I've been quite impressed and the
transition was simple as pie. This is not a competitor of the iPhone 5, the
specs are just not there, this is a competitor of the iPhone 4S, so I will
articulate the differences. At the time of writing this, the Galaxy S3 mini is
a full $200+ cheaper (around 40% cheaper) than the iPhone 4S yet I feel nearly
comparable in quality.

  
Physical Size: The Galaxy S3 mini is nearly the same size as the iPhone 4S,
minimally larger, even though it has a 4 inch screen vs. the iPhone 4S 3.5
inch. In fact, it's so similar, the Glaxy S3 mini fits into the phone sleeve I
bought for the iPhone. I have medium sized hands (like, literally, I work in a
lab and wear size medium latex gloves), and I think this is the perfect size,
my thumb barely reaches the top left corner while still holding the phone
securely (i.e. with the first knuckle of my other fingers). I hope they keep
future models in the 4" (max 4.2") range, a 5" is just not necessary or
comfortable to walk around with in your pocket.

  
Display: Again, 4 inch display vs. 3.5 inch on iPhone 4s, though there are
less pixels (480x800 vs 640x960, respectively, 38% less). You can look at this
two ways, because you have a 4" screen, you "get" to hold it farther away, or
because of the lower pixel density, you "have" to hold it farther away
(without noticing the pixels). This just means you just don't get the same
clarity if you want to examine something closely. That said, all you have to
do is watch the video included in the Gallery of the phone to be wow'ed by the
screen, the colors do pop and it looks very nice. Just when you are reading
text, the pixels are noticeable, especially if you are accustomed to a
"retina" screen.

  
Responsiveness: iPhone users will know the responsiveness of the screen, when
you move your finger it looks like you are pushing a coin across the table. On
the Galaxy S3 mini, there is a tiny bit of delay, this is more noticeable when
moving the finger fast. In addition, there can be some stuttering of the
screen if it is processing/downloading something else. These don't detract
much from the phone but hope are improved in the next generation.

  
Transition: First of all, I would highly suggest SmoothSync (contacts +
calendars). I have all my contacts and calendars set up in iCloud and this
software brings them to the Galaxy S3 mini in minutes, turned a potential
nightmare into a dream. Next, the above said, there are some features, both
physical- and software-based, that make up for the limitations. It has NFC
capabilities, you just have to buy a NFC SIM card from your provider, which
may be the source of some confusion, there also appears to be talk of a
version without NFC though the once I received does have it. They have not set
up NFC with my local transportation system yet, so I haven't spent the $30 on
the SIM card, will update if/when I do. There is a micro SD slot, so you can
chose how much extra memory you want up to 32GB (the phone says 8GB but when I
first started it had about 4.5GB free), if you need more room, you can easily
expand which is not the case for the iPhone. For the software, it's small but
the live wallpaper looks really cool and I think makes up for the lack of
pixel density. You can turn off/on GPS/Wifi/Bluetooth, etc. very quickly, just
swipe down from the top and tap the icon. I like having "widgets" such as the
music player right among the app icons, instead of having to open the app to
play music, as well as a number of other small things. Software interaction is
pretty similar, just have to get used to using the "back" and "menu" keys in
addition to the home button.

  
In case anyone was wondering, yes this does work for me in Singapore on the M1
network.

  
So, again, overall happy with the phone, I will likely upgrade in about a year
when I don't have to pay a recontracting fee. I will keep an eye on this line
and hope they make some changes in the next version. I feel like this is a
trial balloon...they are testing to see customers are interested in "smaller"
(still 4-4.2" screen), which I definitely am. Some things that could be/I hope
are improved:

  
-Screen: Should be at least in the 600x1024 range, at 4 inches, this brings the pixel density close to 300ppi (like that of the 'full size' galaxy s3).  
-Processor: Bump up the engine to address the minor lag issues.  
-LTE: I mean, by next year it should be a pretty standard thing to include on phones.  
  
These are straightforward improvements that are already included on the 'full
size' Galaxy S3, and would make this baby brother highly desirable to a wide
range of people.

**Help other customers find the most helpful reviews**&nbsp_place_holder;

Was this review helpful to you?&nbsp_place_holder;[Yes](http://www.amazon.com/
gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/R1TE5APFEB0IZJ/Helpful/1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3
d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9CMDA5UExCTFFD&token=CB7870EEBE980EE085F05E82CE53D
AE27D9F40C7&voteAnchorName=R1TE5APFEB0IZJ.2115.Helpful.Reviews&voteSessionID=0
00-0000000-0000000) [No](http://www.amazon.com/gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/R1T
E5APFEB0IZJ/Helpful/-1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9C
MDA5UExCTFFD&token=F167E5A7D6B2020BD1CC3BD26A54401E42BB61F0&voteAnchorName=R1T
E5APFEB0IZJ.2115.Helpful.Reviews&voteSessionID=000-0000000-0000000)

[Report abuse](http://www.amazon.com/gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/R1TE5APFEB0IZ
J/Inappropriate/1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9CMDA5U
ExCTFFD&token=75D70CCC612E9234218F8A7C02A39BF99D03B88C&voteAnchorName=R1TE5APF
EB0IZJ.2115.Inappropriate.Reviews&voteSessionID=000-0000000-0000000) |
[Permalink](http://www.amazon.com/review/R1TE5APFEB0IZJ)

[Comment](http://www.amazon.com/review/R1TE5APFEB0IZJ)&nbsp_place_holder;[Comm
ent (1)](http://www.amazon.com/review/R1TE5APFEB0IZJ)

  

  

4 of 4 people found the following review helpful

5.0 out of 5 stars **Excelente!**, February 18, 2013

By&nbsp_place_holder;

[David Avila](http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A232405CTDK9HY) - [See all
my reviews](http://www.amazon.com/gp/cdp/member-
reviews/A232405CTDK9HY?ie=UTF8&sort_by=MostRecentReview)

**Amazon Verified Purchase**([What's this?](http://www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase))

**This review is from: Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 4.1 OS, Dual Core, Super AMOLED Touchscreen, 5MP Cam (Unlocked Phone)**

Me funciono en Venezuela (Movistar) 3G sin ningun problema. Excelente movil,
muy completo! Rapido, movimientos suaves, la bateria, lo normal; dura 1 dia
completo! Todo depende del uso que le des.

**Help other customers find the most helpful reviews**&nbsp_place_holder;

Was this review helpful to you?&nbsp_place_holder;[Yes](http://www.amazon.com/
gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/R3P5X230SUF5WT/Helpful/1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3
d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9CMDA5UExCTFFD&token=BA5908C2FD5A4340649C99C14D239
C8F008352BD&voteAnchorName=R3P5X230SUF5WT.2115.Helpful.Reviews&voteSessionID=0
00-0000000-0000000) [No](http://www.amazon.com/gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/R3P
5X230SUF5WT/Helpful/-1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9C
MDA5UExCTFFD&token=673B87928E1A5654AC5DE7761D347D1EC9929AE3&voteAnchorName=R3P
5X230SUF5WT.2115.Helpful.Reviews&voteSessionID=000-0000000-0000000)

[Report abuse](http://www.amazon.com/gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/R3P5X230SUF5W
T/Inappropriate/1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9CMDA5U
ExCTFFD&token=49AFACEC664716B9B884F0F4D5784764A00E7BAB&voteAnchorName=R3P5X230
SUF5WT.2115.Inappropriate.Reviews&voteSessionID=000-0000000-0000000) |
[Permalink](http://www.amazon.com/review/R3P5X230SUF5WT)

[Comment](http://www.amazon.com/review/R3P5X230SUF5WT)&nbsp_place_holder;[Comm
ents (4)](http://www.amazon.com/review/R3P5X230SUF5WT)

  

  

3 of 3 people found the following review helpful

5.0 out of 5 stars **Lo recomiendo**, March 8, 2013

By&nbsp_place_holder;

[Jesus M](http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A1OUEZDLB0OSD9) - [See all my
reviews](http://www.amazon.com/gp/cdp/member-
reviews/A1OUEZDLB0OSD9?ie=UTF8&sort_by=MostRecentReview)

**Amazon Verified Purchase**([What's this?](http://www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase))

**This review is from: Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 4.1 OS, Dual Core, Super AMOLED Touchscreen, 5MP Cam (Unlocked Phone)**

Recomiendo al vendedor, el telefono llego en buen estado, le coloque Digitel y
Movistar; y en las 2 operadoras levanta H eso me gusto, un telefono muy rapido
comparado con los BlackBerry ni se diga.

**Help other customers find the most helpful reviews**&nbsp_place_holder;

Was this review helpful to you?&nbsp_place_holder;[Yes](http://www.amazon.com/
gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/R3D2N1AOZH1AJF/Helpful/1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3
d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9CMDA5UExCTFFD&token=F3EA228AE534681FCBB3AE1984013
4A6A4EE6572&voteAnchorName=R3D2N1AOZH1AJF.2115.Helpful.Reviews&voteSessionID=0
00-0000000-0000000) [No](http://www.amazon.com/gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/R3D
2N1AOZH1AJF/Helpful/-1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9C
MDA5UExCTFFD&token=9D36C1AFCCDF2D5D1DEBD310579ECA6B3DE8E50F&voteAnchorName=R3D
2N1AOZH1AJF.2115.Helpful.Reviews&voteSessionID=000-0000000-0000000)

[Report abuse](http://www.amazon.com/gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/R3D2N1AOZH1AJ
F/Inappropriate/1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9CMDA5U
ExCTFFD&token=9C7C570CA4F98997754B500C5F0E61FB019F1E6B&voteAnchorName=R3D2N1AO
ZH1AJF.2115.Inappropriate.Reviews&voteSessionID=000-0000000-0000000) |
[Permalink](http://www.amazon.com/review/R3D2N1AOZH1AJF)

[Comment](http://www.amazon.com/review/R3D2N1AOZH1AJF)&nbsp_place_holder;[Comm
ent (1)](http://www.amazon.com/review/R3D2N1AOZH1AJF)

  

  

3 of 3 people found the following review helpful

5.0 out of 5 stars **Has everything I could expect**, March 4, 2013

By&nbsp_place_holder;

[JES](http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A2RDEA0YMN8AEF) (New York, US) -
[See all my reviews](http://www.amazon.com/gp/cdp/member-
reviews/A2RDEA0YMN8AEF?ie=UTF8&sort_by=MostRecentReview)

**Amazon Verified Purchase**([What's this?](http://www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase))

**This review is from: Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 4.1 OS, Dual Core, Super AMOLED Touchscreen, 5MP Cam (Unlocked Phone)**

The Samsung S3 Mini offers everything I needed or wanted from a phone. The
phone has Jelly Bean preinstalled, S-Voice, and plenty of other apps and
widgets to get you started as soon as you unbox it. As far as the battery is
concerned, I haven't had any problems with a charge lasting all day but that
depends on the person. I would say I am a moderate user, I keep the GPS turned
off when not in use and use the power saving features. If the battery is not
large enough for you, there are extended capacity batteries, external backup
phone cases or external battery banks.

The Kies program available for download from Samsung is very user friendly for
transferring files from an old phone or syncing files with a computer. The
manual packaged with the phone was not in English but is available from
Samsung's website as a PDF. The downloaded manual is VERY easy to understand,
with step by step instructions and illustrations.

I am using this phone on Straight Talk, with an AT&T; SIM card and had no
problems getting it set up. As far as Data connection, I am usually on Wi-Fi
but have used it with HSDPA, Edge, and 3G.

**Help other customers find the most helpful reviews**&nbsp_place_holder;

Was this review helpful to you?&nbsp_place_holder;[Yes](http://www.amazon.com/
gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/RENE5JQ6E19RV/Helpful/1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3d
3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9CMDA5UExCTFFD&token=855E478E0F23486A65856475A64463
1041CBBA32&voteAnchorName=RENE5JQ6E19RV.2115.Helpful.Reviews&voteSessionID=000
-0000000-0000000) [No](http://www.amazon.com/gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/RENE5
JQ6E19RV/Helpful/-1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9CMDA
5UExCTFFD&token=EDAE0FDEB8913EE19EFE924FC03D085BE966DABE&voteAnchorName=RENE5J
Q6E19RV.2115.Helpful.Reviews&voteSessionID=000-0000000-0000000)

[Report abuse](http://www.amazon.com/gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/RENE5JQ6E19RV
/Inappropriate/1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9CMDA5UE
xCTFFD&token=54E135C52BE9C92D1C4159F3B0D9F17D6DDD4954&voteAnchorName=RENE5JQ6E
19RV.2115.Inappropriate.Reviews&voteSessionID=000-0000000-0000000) |
[Permalink](http://www.amazon.com/review/RENE5JQ6E19RV)

[Comment](http://www.amazon.com/review/RENE5JQ6E19RV)&nbsp_place_holder;[Comme
nts (5)](http://www.amazon.com/review/RENE5JQ6E19RV)

  

  

3 of 3 people found the following review helpful

4.0 out of 5 stars **So far I like it.**, February 21, 2013

By&nbsp_place_holder;

[A. kaunator](http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A2C3K5VUS513B7) - [See all
my reviews](http://www.amazon.com/gp/cdp/member-
reviews/A2C3K5VUS513B7?ie=UTF8&sort_by=MostRecentReview)

[(REAL NAME)](http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?ie=UTF8&node
Id=14279681&pop-up=1#RN) &nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;

**Amazon Verified Purchase**([What's this?](http://www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase))

**This review is from: Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 4.1 OS, Dual Core, Super AMOLED Touchscreen, 5MP Cam (Unlocked Phone)**

Purchased this phone about two weeks ago. It came new with American plug
outlet adapter. Downloaded Galaxy s III manual PDF from internet, also there
is manual in English in the phone widgets. Took me a while to figure out all
settings and apps, camera and video, managed to download all my contacts from
old phone using SD card.

Uploaded Skype - it worked fine during driving on desert highway.

T mobile works fine with their SIM card, showing E, 3G or H connection or no
connection at the same spot during a minute. Regular calls are fine so far.

Battery works fine and stays all day during playing games, calling, messaging,
internet browsing and using camera. The phone itself is small and thin and
light, screen is nice and bright.

This is my first android smart phone and I like it. :)

**Help other customers find the most helpful reviews**&nbsp_place_holder;

Was this review helpful to you?&nbsp_place_holder;[Yes](http://www.amazon.com/
gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/R1XQSKRK1M6XMR/Helpful/1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3
d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9CMDA5UExCTFFD&token=606E544A03355AA4C14A5A121CD5C
7F75EB471C0&voteAnchorName=R1XQSKRK1M6XMR.2115.Helpful.Reviews&voteSessionID=0
00-0000000-0000000) [No](http://www.amazon.com/gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/R1X
QSKRK1M6XMR/Helpful/-1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9C
MDA5UExCTFFD&token=87C4E2C6CAB19538A503235F34C277CEE8696761&voteAnchorName=R1X
QSKRK1M6XMR.2115.Helpful.Reviews&voteSessionID=000-0000000-0000000)

[Report abuse](http://www.amazon.com/gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/R1XQSKRK1M6XM
R/Inappropriate/1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9CMDA5U
ExCTFFD&token=D4C477DEBE103519CB1B80FA1AD33442C32C92C4&voteAnchorName=R1XQSKRK
1M6XMR.2115.Inappropriate.Reviews&voteSessionID=000-0000000-0000000) |
[Permalink](http://www.amazon.com/review/R1XQSKRK1M6XMR)

[Comment](http://www.amazon.com/review/R1XQSKRK1M6XMR)&nbsp_place_holder;[Comm
ent](http://www.amazon.com/review/R1XQSKRK1M6XMR)

  

  

5 of 6 people found the following review helpful

5.0 out of 5 stars **I really like this phone!**, February 5, 2013

By&nbsp_place_holder;

[Thos "Sheik El"](http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A3GKY17CHGC5OT)
(Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) - [See all my
reviews](http://www.amazon.com/gp/cdp/member-
reviews/A3GKY17CHGC5OT?ie=UTF8&sort_by=MostRecentReview)

**Amazon Verified Purchase**([What's this?](http://www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase))

**This review is from: Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 4.1 OS, Dual Core, Super AMOLED Touchscreen, 5MP Cam (Unlocked Phone)**

Since I've had an i4s, and have used other phones before I rec'd this one, I
am not "gushing" about the phone, however, it is a great phone, and I'm having
no problems on the AT&T; network. Being an unlocked phone, I will probably see
about using it on T-mobile and Straight Talk as well.

  
It came w/a European plug, but an adapter was included for use here, and it
also came w/a USB cable for data and charging by computer or via USB charging
adapter, so no big deal. Set up was easy, however, if you purchase this phone,
make sure that your carrier gives you a data plan for a Smartphone, if you've
switched from an iPhone!

  
Got a great cover, screen protector, and I'm set! I noticed HDSPA show up in
areas where available, and otherwise, it automatically sets for whatever
signal your carrier provides. The built-in apps are a problem, because what
you don't want/need, you can't remove, but, not gonna obsess over that, cause
that's minor to me, and, other than having to get used to a different "look"
w/the camera, I have no regrets over selling my iPhone, and getting my Mini
Galaxy!

  
Really like this phone!

**Help other customers find the most helpful reviews**&nbsp_place_holder;

Was this review helpful to you?&nbsp_place_holder;[Yes](http://www.amazon.com/
gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/RL7JE185GKFA8/Helpful/1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3d
3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9CMDA5UExCTFFD&token=9F2264F6B56AE4A67D728B707B2CDA
8D1D1D7282&voteAnchorName=RL7JE185GKFA8.2115.Helpful.Reviews&voteSessionID=000
-0000000-0000000) [No](http://www.amazon.com/gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/RL7JE
185GKFA8/Helpful/-1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9CMDA
5UExCTFFD&token=479790DC7E4D830B8082EC9E05CC6DAC091BB5B0&voteAnchorName=RL7JE1
85GKFA8.2115.Helpful.Reviews&voteSessionID=000-0000000-0000000)

[Report abuse](http://www.amazon.com/gp/voting/cast/Reviews/2115/RL7JE185GKFA8
/Inappropriate/1?ie=UTF8&target=aHR0cDovL3d3dy5hbWF6b24uY29tL3Jldmlldy9CMDA5UE
xCTFFD&token=14333015D660BC4430D1D05D5064331CC6039222&voteAnchorName=RL7JE185G
KFA8.2115.Inappropriate.Reviews&voteSessionID=000-0000000-0000000) |
[Permalink](http://www.amazon.com/review/RL7JE185GKFA8)

[Comment](http://www.amazon.com/review/RL7JE185GKFA8)&nbsp_place_holder;[Comme
nts (2)](http://www.amazon.com/review/RL7JE185GKFA8)

  

  

‹ Previous | 1 [2](http://www.amazon.com/Samsung-Galaxy-Unlocked-Android-
Touchscreen/product-reviews/B009PLBLQC?pageNumber=2) …
[20](http://www.amazon.com/Samsung-Galaxy-Unlocked-Android-Touchscreen
/product-reviews/B009PLBLQC?pageNumber=20)| [Next ›](http://www.amazon.com
/Samsung-Galaxy-Unlocked-Android-Touchscreen/product-
reviews/B009PLBLQC?pageNumber=2)

**Most Helpful First** | **Newest First**

Start your free trial and join millions of Amazon Prime members who enjoy:

[Prime Instant Videos](/gp/prime/signup/videos)

Watch over 25,000 movies and TV episodes

[](/gp/prime/signup/videos)

[Free Two-Day Shipping](/gp/prime/signup/videos)

Get fast, free shipping on over 15 million items

[](/gp/prime/signup/videos)

[Kindle Owners' Lending Library](/gp/prime/signup/videos)

Borrow from over 180,000 titles for free

[](/gp/prime/signup/videos)

> [Get started](https://www.amazon.com/gp/subs/primeclub/signup/handler.html)

Watch. Read. Shop. Relax.

Millions of Amazon Prime members enjoy instant videos, free Kindle books and
unlimited free two-day shipping.

> [Get started](https://www.amazon.com/gp/subs/primeclub/signup/handler.html?i
e=UTF8&primeCampaignId=videos&primeMetadata=ref%3Dnav_tooltip_redirect
&session-id=000-0000000-0000000)

  * Unlimited Instant Videos
  * [Prime Instant Videos](/b?ie=UTF8&node=2676882011)

Unlimited streaming of thousands of

movies and TV shows with Amazon Prime

  * [Learn More About Amazon Prime](/gp/prime/signup/videos?ie=UTF8&redirectQueryParams=bm9kZT0yNjE1MjYwMDEx&redirectURL=L2Iv)
  * [Amazon Instant Video Store](/Instant-Video/b?ie=UTF8&node=2858778011)

Rent or buy hit movies and TV shows

to stream or download

  * [Your Video Library](/gp/video/library)

Your movies and TV shows

stored in the cloud

  * [Watch Anywhere](/gp/video/ontv/ontv)

Watch instantly on your Kindle Fire,

TV, Blu-ray player, or set-top box

  * MP3s & Cloud Player
  * [MP3 Music Store](/MP3-Music-Download/b?ie=UTF8&node=163856011)

Shop over 20 million songs

  * [Music on Kindle Fire](/gp/feature.html?ie=UTF8&docId=1000825251)

Discover how to play your music

  * [Cloud Player for Web](/gp/dmusic/marketing/CloudPlayerLaunchPage)

Play from any browser

  * [Cloud Player for Android](/gp/feature.html?ie=UTF8&docId=1000454841)

For Android phones and tablets

  * [Cloud Player for iOS](/gp/feature.html?ie=UTF8&docId=1000776061)

For iPhone, iPad and iPod touch

  * [Cloud Player for Home](/b?ie=UTF8&node=2658409011)

For Sonos and Roku

  * Amazon Cloud Drive
  * [Your Cloud Drive](/clouddrive)

5 GB of free storage

  * [Get the Desktop App](/gp/feature.html?ie=UTF8&docId=1000796781)

For Windows and Mac

  * [Cloud Drive Photos for Android](/gp/feature.html?ie=UTF8&docId=1000848741)

For Android phones and tablets

  * [Learn More About Cloud Drive](/gp/feature.html?ie=UTF8&docId=1000796931)

  * Kindle E-readers
  * [Kindle](/dp/B007HCCNJU)

Small, light, perfect for reading

  * [Kindle Paperwhite](/dp/B007OZNZG0)

World's most advanced e-reader

  * [Kindle Paperwhite 3G](/dp/B007OZNUCE)

With free 3G wireless

  * [Kindle E-reader Accessories](/b?ie=UTF8&node=5916440011)

Covers, chargers, sleeves and more

  * Kindle Store
  * [Kindle Books](/Kindle-eBooks/b?ie=UTF8&node=1286228011)
  * [Newsstand](/gp/digital/fiona/redirect/newsstand/home/)
  * [Kindle Owners' Lending Library](/gp/redirect.html?ie=UTF8&location=%2Fkindlelendinglibrary)

With Prime, Kindle owners read for free

  * Kindle Fire
  * [Fire](/dp/B0083Q04IQ)

All new--faster, twice the memory

  * [Fire HD](/dp/B0083PWAPW)

7", Dolby audio, ultra-fast Wi-Fi

  * [Fire HD 8.9"](/dp/B008GFRE5A)

8.9", Dolby audio, ultra-fast Wi-Fi

  * [Fire HD 8.9" 4G](/dp/B008GFRDL0)

With ultra-fast 4G LTE wireless

  * [Kindle Fire Accessories](/b?ie=UTF8&node=5916439011)

Cases, chargers, sleeves and more

  * Kindle Apps & Resources
  * [Kindle Cloud Reader](https://www.amazon.com:443/gp/redirect.html?location=https://read.amazon.com/&token=34AD60CFC4DCD7A97D4E2F4A4A7C4149FBEEF236)

Read your Kindle books in a browser

  * [Free Kindle Reading Apps](/gp/feature.html?ie=UTF8&docId=1000493771)

For PC, iPad, iPhone, Android, and more

  * [Manage Your Kindle](/gp/digital/fiona/manage)

  * Appstore for Android
  * [Apps](/mobile-apps/b?ie=UTF8&node=2350149011)
  * [Games](/b?ie=UTF8&node=2478844011)
  * [Test Drive Apps](/b?ie=UTF8&node=3071729011)

Try thousands of apps and games right now

  * [Amazon Apps](/gp/feature.html?ie=UTF8&docId=1000645111)

Kindle, mobile shopping, MP3, and more

  * [Your Apps and Devices](/gp/mas/your-account/myapps)

View your apps and manage your devices

  * Digital Games & Software
  * [Game Downloads](/Game-Downloads/b?ie=UTF8&node=979455011)

For PC and Mac

  * [Free-to-Play Games](/b?ie=UTF8&node=5267605011)

For PC and Mac

  * [Software Downloads](/pc-mac-software-downloads/b?ie=UTF8&node=1233514011)

For PC and Mac

  * [Your Games & Software Library](/gp/swvgdtt/your-account/manage-downloads.html)

  * Audible Audiobooks
  * [Audible Membership](/gp/audible/signup/display.html)

Get to know Audible

  * [Audible Audiobooks & More](/b?ie=UTF8&node=2402172011)
  * [Bestsellers](/gp/bestsellers/books/2402172011)
  * [New & Notable](/b?ie=UTF8&node=2669348011)
  * [Listener Favorites](/b?ie=UTF8&node=2669344011)
  * [Whispersync for Voice](/b?ie=UTF8&node=5744819011)

Switch between reading and listening

  * Books
  * [Books](/books-used-books-textbooks/b?ie=UTF8&node=283155)
  * [Kindle Books](/Kindle-eBooks/b?ie=UTF8&node=1286228011)
  * [Children's Books](/Childrens-Books/b?ie=UTF8&node=4)
  * [Textbooks](/New-Used-Textbooks-Books/b?ie=UTF8&node=465600)
  * [Audiobooks](/Audiobooks-Books/b?ie=UTF8&node=368395011)
  * [Magazines](/magazines/b?ie=UTF8&node=599858)

  * Movies, Music & Games
  * [Movies & TV](/movies-tv-dvd-bluray/b?ie=UTF8&node=2625373011)
  * [Blu-ray](/movies-tv-bluray-bluray3d/b?ie=UTF8&node=2901953011)
  * [Amazon Instant Video](/Instant-Video/b?ie=UTF8&node=2858778011)
  * [Music](/music-rock-classical-pop-jazz/b?ie=UTF8&node=5174)
  * [MP3 Downloads](/MP3-Music-Download/b?ie=UTF8&node=163856011)
  * [Musical Instruments](/musical-instruments-accessories-sound-recording/b?ie=UTF8&node=11091801)
  * [Entertainment Collectibles](/b?ie=UTF8&node=5088769011)
  * [Video Games](/computer-video-games-hardware-accessories/b?ie=UTF8&node=468642)
  * [Game Downloads](/Game-Downloads/b?ie=UTF8&node=979455011)

  * Electronics
  * [TV & Video](/Televisions-Video/b?ie=UTF8&node=1266092011)
  * [Home Audio & Theater](/Home-Audio-Electronics/b?ie=UTF8&node=667846011)
  * [Camera, Photo & Video](/Camera-Photo-Film-Canon-Sony/b?ie=UTF8&node=502394)
  * [Cell Phones & Accessories](/cell-phones-service-plans-accessories/b?ie=UTF8&node=2335752011)
  * [Video Games](/computer-video-games-hardware-accessories/b?ie=UTF8&node=468642)
  * [MP3 Players & Accessories](/MP3-Players-Audio-Video/b?ie=UTF8&node=172630)
  * [Car Electronics & GPS](/Car-Electronics/b?ie=UTF8&node=1077068)
  * [Appliances](/Appliances/b?ie=UTF8&node=2619525011)
  * [Musical Instruments](/musical-instruments-accessories-sound-recording/b?ie=UTF8&node=11091801)
  * [Electronics Accessories](/b?ie=UTF8&node=5745855011)
  * Computers
  * [Laptops, Tablets & Netbooks](/b?ie=UTF8&node=2956501011)
  * [Desktops & Servers](/Desktops-Computers-Add-Ons/b?ie=UTF8&node=565098)
  * [Computer Accessories & Peripherals](/b?ie=UTF8&node=2956536011)

External drives, mice, networking & more

  * [Computer Parts & Components](/PC-Components-Computer-Add-Ons-Computers/b?ie=UTF8&node=193870011)
  * [Software](/design-download-business-education-software/b?ie=UTF8&node=229534)
  * [PC Games](/PC-Games/b?ie=UTF8&node=229575)
  * [Printers & Ink](/Printers-Office-Electronics/b?ie=UTF8&node=172635)
  * [Office & School Supplies](/office-products-supplies-electronics-furniture/b?ie=UTF8&node=1064954)

  * Home, Garden & Pets
  * [Kitchen & Dining](/kitchen-dining-small-appliances-cookware/b?ie=UTF8&node=284507)
  * [Furniture & Décor](/furniture-decor-rugs-lamps-beds-tv-stands/b?ie=UTF8&node=1057794)
  * [Bedding & Bath](/bedding-bath-sheets-towels/b?ie=UTF8&node=1057792)
  * [Appliances](/Appliances/b?ie=UTF8&node=2619525011)
  * [Patio, Lawn & Garden](/Patio-Lawn-Garden/b?ie=UTF8&node=2972638011)
  * [Arts, Crafts & Sewing](/Arts-Crafts-Sewing/b?ie=UTF8&node=2617941011)
  * [Pet Supplies](/pet-supplies-dog-cat-food-bed-toy/b?ie=UTF8&node=2619533011)
  * Tools, Home Improvement
  * [Home Improvement](/Tools-and-Home-Improvement/b?ie=UTF8&node=228013)
  * [Power & Hand Tools](/Power-Tools-and-Hand-Tools/b?ie=UTF8&node=328182011)
  * [Lamps & Light Fixtures](/Lighting-and-Ceiling-Fans/b?ie=UTF8&node=495224)
  * [Kitchen & Bath Fixtures](/Kitchen-and-Bath-Fixtures/b?ie=UTF8&node=3754161)
  * [Hardware](/Hardware-Locks-and-Fasteners/b?ie=UTF8&node=511228)
  * [Building Supplies](/Building-Supply-and-Building-Materials/b?ie=UTF8&node=551240)

  * Grocery, Health & Beauty
  * [Grocery & Gourmet Food](/grocery-breakfast-foods-snacks-organic/b?ie=UTF8&node=16310101)
  * [Wine](/b?ie=UTF8&node=2983386011)
  * [Natural & Organic](/Natural-Organic-Grocery/b?ie=UTF8&node=51537011)
  * [Health & Personal Care](/health-personal-care-nutrition-fitness/b?ie=UTF8&node=3760901)
  * [Beauty](/beauty-makeup-fragrance-skin-care/b?ie=UTF8&node=3760911)

  * Toys, Kids & Baby
  * [Toys & Games](/toys/b?ie=UTF8&node=165793011)
  * [Baby](/baby-car-seats-strollers-bedding/b?ie=UTF8&node=165796011)
  * [Kids' Clothing](/Kids-Baby-Clothing/b?ie=UTF8&node=1040662)
  * [Baby Clothing](/l/2402554011)
  * [Video Games for Kids](/Kids-Family/b?ie=UTF8&node=471306)
  * [Amazon Mom](/gp/mom/signup)

20% off diapers, free shipping and more

  * [Baby Registry](/gp/registry/baby)

  * Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
  * [Clothing](/clothing-accessories-men-women-kids/b?ie=UTF8&node=1036592)
  * [Shoes](/shoes-men-women-kids-baby/b?ie=UTF8&node=672123011)
  * [Handbags](/Handbags-Accessories-Clothing/b?ie=UTF8&node=15743631)
  * [Accessories](/Handbags-Designer-Sunglasses-iPod-Case/b?ie=UTF8&node=1036700)
  * [Luggage](/Luggage-Bags-Travel-Accessories-Clothing/b?ie=UTF8&node=15743161)
  * [Jewelry](/jewelry-watches-engagement-rings-diamonds/b?ie=UTF8&node=3367581)
  * [Watches](/Watches-Mens-Womens-Kids-Accessories/b?ie=UTF8&node=377110011)

  * Sports & Outdoors
  * [Exercise & Fitness](/Exercise-Fitness-Sports-Outdoors/b?ie=UTF8&node=3407731)
  * [Outdoor Recreation](/Outdoor-Recreation/b?ie=UTF8&node=706814011)
  * [Hunting & Fishing](/Hunting-Fishing/b?ie=UTF8&node=706813011)
  * [Cycling](/cycling-bikes-bicycles-bike-sale/b?ie=UTF8&node=3403201)
  * [Athletic & Outdoor Clothing](/Apparel/b?ie=UTF8&node=2206626011)
  * [Boating & Water Sports](/Boating-Water-Sports-Outdoors/b?ie=UTF8&node=3421331)
  * [Team Sports](/Team-Sports-Outdoors/b?ie=UTF8&node=706809011)
  * [Fan Shop](/Fan-Shop-Sports-Outdoors/b?ie=UTF8&node=3386071)
  * [Sports Collectibles](/Sports-Collectibles/b?ie=UTF8&node=3250697011)
  * [Golf](/Golf-Sports-Outdoors/b?ie=UTF8&node=3410851)
  * [All Sports & Outdoors](/sporting-goods-clothing-cycling-exercise/b?ie=UTF8&node=3375251)

  * Automotive
  * [Automotive Parts & Accessories](/automotive-auto-truck-replacements-parts/b?ie=UTF8&node=15684181)
  * [Automotive Tools & Equipment](/Tools-Equipment-Automotive/b?ie=UTF8&node=15706941)
  * [Car Electronics & GPS](/Car-Electronics/b?ie=UTF8&node=1077068)
  * [Tires & Wheels](/b?ie=UTF8&node=15706571)
  * [Motorcycle & ATV](/Motorcycle-ATV-Automotive/b?ie=UTF8&node=346333011)
  * Industrial & Scientific
  * [Industrial Supplies](/industrial-scientific-supplies/b?ie=UTF8&node=16310091)
  * [Lab & Scientific](/Lab-Scientific-Supplies/b?ie=UTF8&node=317970011)
  * [Janitorial](/b?ie=UTF8&node=317971011)
  * [Safety](/b?ie=UTF8&node=318135011)

  * Unlimited Instant Videos
  * MP3s & Cloud Player

20 million songs, play anywhere

  * Amazon Cloud Drive

5 GB of free storage

  * Kindle
  * Appstore for Android

Get a premium app for free today

  * Digital Games & Software
  * Audible Audiobooks
  * Books
  * Movies, Music & Games
  * Electronics & Computers
  * Home, Garden & Tools
  * Grocery, Health & Beauty
  * Toys, Kids & Baby
  * Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
  * Sports & Outdoors
  * Automotive & Industrial
  * ›[Full Store Directory](/gp/site-directory)

  * [ Sign in ](https://www.amazon.com/ap/signin?_encoding=UTF8&openid.assoc_handle=usflex&openid.claimed_id=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&openid.identity=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&openid.mode=checkid_setup&openid.ns=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0&openid.ns.pape=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fextensions%2Fpape%2F1.0&openid.pape.max_auth_age=0&openid.return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.com%2Fgp%2Fyourstore%2Fhome%3Fie%3DUTF8%26ref_%3Dgno_signin)

New customer? [Start here.](https://www.amazon.com/ap/register?_encoding=UTF8&
openid.assoc_handle=usflex&openid.claimed_id=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fa
uth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&openid.identity=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2F
auth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&openid.mode=checkid_setup&openid.ns=http%3A%2F%
2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0&openid.ns.pape=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2
Fextensions%2Fpape%2F1.0&openid.pape.max_auth_age=0&openid.return_to=https%3A%
2F%2Fwww.amazon.com%2Fgp%2Fyourstore%2Fhome%3Fie%3DUTF8%26ref_%3Dgno_newcust)

  * [Your Account](https://www.amazon.com/gp/css/homepage.html)
  * [Your Orders](https://www.amazon.com/gp/css/order-history)
  * [Your Wish List](/gp/registry/wishlist)
  * [Your Recommendations](/gp/yourstore)
  * [Your Subscribe & Save Items](https://www.amazon.com/gp/subscribe-and-save/manager/viewsubscriptions)
  * [Manage Your Kindle](/gp/digital/fiona/manage)
  * [Your Cloud Player](/gp/dmusic/mp3/player)

Play from any browser

  * [Your Cloud Drive](/clouddrive)

5 GB of free storage

  * [Prime Instant Videos](/b?ie=UTF8&node=2676882011)

Unlimited streaming of thousands

of movies and TV shows

  * [Your Video Library](/gp/video/library)
  * [Your Games & Software Library](/gp/swvgdtt/your-account/manage-downloads.html)
  * [Your Android Apps & Devices](/gp/mas/your-account/myapps)

Your Shopping Cart is empty.

Give it purpose--fill it with books, DVDs, clothes, electronics, and more.

If you already have an account, [sign in](https://www.amazon.com/ap/signin?_en
coding=UTF8&openid.assoc_handle=usflex&openid.claimed_id=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.op
enid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&openid.identity=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.o
penid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&openid.mode=checkid_setup&openid.ns
=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0&openid.ns.pape=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.
openid.net%2Fextensions%2Fpape%2F1.0&openid.pape.max_auth_age=0&openid.return_
to=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.com%2Fgp%2Fyourstore%2Fhome%3Fie%3DUTF8%26ref_%3Dg
no_signin_cart).

There's a problem previewing your cart right now.

Check your Internet connection and [go to your
cart](/gp/cart/view.html?ie=UTF8&hasWorkingJavascript=1), or [try
again](javascript:void(0);).

[ View Cart  (0 items) (0 item) (0 items)
](/gp/cart/view.html?ie=UTF8&hasWorkingJavascript=1)

  * [Create a Wish List](/gp/wishlist)
  * [Find a Wish List or Registry](/gp/gift-central)
  * [Wish from Any Website](/wishlist/universal)

Add items to your List from anywhere

  * [Wedding Registry](/gp/wedding/homepage)
  * [Baby Registry](/gp/registry/baby)
  * [Kids' Birthdays](/gp/toys/birthday)
  * [Friends & Family Gifting](/gp/gift-central/organizer)

![](http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/ui/loadIndicators
/loadIndicator-large._V192195480_.gif)

  

![](http://g-ecx.images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/nav2/images/transp._V192548636_.gif)

## This product

[![Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 4.1 OS,
Dual Core, Super AMOLED Touchscreen, 5MP Cam](http://ecx.images-
amazon.com/images/I/41zZGG7gUmL._SL160_SL90_.jpg)](http://www.amazon.com
/Samsung-Galaxy-Unlocked-Android-Touchscreen/dp/B009PLBLQC)

[Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 4.1 OS,
Dual Core, Super AMOLED Touchscreen, 5MP Cam](http://www.amazon.com/Samsung-
Galaxy-Unlocked-Android-Touchscreen/dp/B009PLBLQC)

[Click for more info](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B009PLBLQC)

In Stock

![](http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/ui/loadIndicators
/loadIndicator-large._V192195480_.gif)

  

Get to Know Us

  * [Careers](/gp/jobs)
  * [Investor Relations](/gp/redirect.html?_encoding=UTF8&location=http%3A%2F%2Fphx.corporate-ir.net%2Fphoenix.zhtml%3Fc%3D97664%26p%3Dirol-irhome&token=F9CAD8A11D4336B5E0B3C3B089FA066D0A467C1C)
  * [Press Releases](/gp/redirect.html?_encoding=UTF8&location=http%3A%2F%2Fphx.corporate-ir.net%2Fphoenix.zhtml%3Fc%3D176060%26p%3Dirol-mediaHome&token=F9CAD8A11D4336B5E0B3C3B089FA066D0A467C1C)
  * [Amazon and Our Planet](/b?ie=UTF8&node=13786321)
  * [Amazon in the Community](/b?ie=UTF8&node=13786411)

Make Money with Us

  * [Sell on Amazon](/gp/redirect.html?_encoding=UTF8&location=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazonservices.com%2Fcontent%2Fsell-on-amazon.htm%2Fref%3Dfooter_soa%3Fld%3DAZFSSOA&token=1E60AB4AC0ECCA00151B45353E21782E539DC601)
  * [Become an Affiliate](https://affiliate-program.amazon.com)
  * [Advertise Your Products](http://services.amazon.com/content/product-ads-on-amazon.htm/ref=footer_pads?ld=AZPADSFooter)
  * [Independently Publish with Us](/gp/seller-account/mm-summary-page.html?ie=UTF8&ld=AZFooterSelfPublish&topic=200260520)
  * › [See all](/gp/seller-account/mm-landing.html?ie=UTF8&ld=AZSOAviewallMakeM)

Let Us Help You

  * [Your Account](https://www.amazon.com/gp/css/homepage.html)
  * [Shipping Rates & Policies](/gp/help/customer/display.html?ie=UTF8&nodeId=468520)
  * [Amazon Prime](/gp/prime)
  * [Returns Are Easy](/gp/css/returns/homepage.html)
  * [Manage Your Kindle](/gp/digital/fiona/manage)
  * [Help](/gp/help/customer/display.html?ie=UTF8&nodeId=508510)

[![amazon.com](http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/gno/images/general/n
avAmazonLogoFooter._V169459313_.gif)](/)

[Brazil](http://www.amazon.com.br) [Canada](http://www.amazon.ca/)
[China](http://www.amazon.cn/) [France](http://www.amazon.fr/)
[Germany](http://www.amazon.de/) [Italy](http://www.amazon.it/)
[Japan](http://www.amazon.co.jp/) [Spain](http://www.amazon.es/) [United
Kingdom](http://www.amazon.co.uk/)

[6pm

Score deals

on fashion brands](http://www.6pm.com/)

[AbeBooks

Rare Books

& Textbooks](http://www.abebooks.com/)

[AfterSchool.com

Kids' Sports, Footwear,

Dance & Crafts](http://www.afterschool.com/)

[AmazonFresh

Groceries & More

Right To Your Door](http://fresh.amazon.com)

[AmazonLocal

Great Local Deals

in Your City](http://amazonlocal.com/)

[AmazonSupply

Business, Industrial

& Scientific Supplies](http://www.amazonsupply.com/)

[AmazonWebServices

Scalable

Cloud Services](http://aws.amazon.com/)

[AmazonWireless

Cellphones &

Wireless Plans](http://wireless.amazon.com/)

&nbsp_place_holder;

[Askville

Community

Answers](http://askville.amazon.com/)

[Audible

Download

Audio Books](http://www.audible.com/)

[BeautyBar.com

Prestige Beauty

Delivered](http://www.beautybar.com/)

[Book Depository

Books With Free

Delivery Worldwide](http://www.bookdepository.com/)

[Bookworm.com

Books For Children

Of All Ages](http://www.bookworm.com)

[Casa.com

Kitchen, Storage

& Everything Home](http://www.casa.com/)

[CreateSpace

Indie Print Publishing

Made Easy](http://www.createspace.com/)

[Diapers.com

Everything

But The Baby](http://www.diapers.com/)

&nbsp_place_holder;

[DPReview

Digital

Photography](http://www.dpreview.com/)

[Fabric

Sewing, Quilting

& Knitting](http://www.fabric.com/)

[IMDb

Movies, TV

& Celebrities](http://www.imdb.com/)

[Junglee.com

Shop Online

in India](http://www.junglee.com/)

[Kindle Direct Publishing

Indie Digital Publishing

Made Easy ](http://kdp.amazon.com/)

[MYHABIT

Private Fashion

Designer Sales](http://www.myhabit.com/)

[Shopbop

Designer

Fashion Brands](http://www.shopbop.com/welcome)

[Soap.com

Health, Beauty &

Home Essentials](http://www.soap.com/)

&nbsp_place_holder;

&nbsp_place_holder;

[Vine.com

Everything

to Live Life Green](http://www.vine.com/)

[Wag.com

Everything

For Your Pet](http://www.wag.com/)

[Warehouse Deals

Open-Box

Discounts](/b?ie=UTF8&node=1267877011)

[Woot

Never Gonna

Give You Up](http://www.woot.com/)

[Yoyo.com

A Happy Place

To Shop For Toys](http://www.yoyo.com/)

[Zappos

Shoes &

Clothing](http://www.zappos.com/c/top-searches)

&nbsp_place_holder;

[Conditions of Use](/gp/help/customer/display.html?ie=UTF8&nodeId=508088)
[Privacy Notice](/gp/help/customer/display.html?ie=UTF8&nodeId=468496)
[Interest-Based Ads](/interestbasedads) © 1996-2013, Amazon.com, Inc. or its
affiliates

